Where am I?
What happened?
I'm sure I went through that manhole.
Soo Jin!
Soo Jin, are you all right?
Who's that darned...
Pil, let's go. We have to go.
- Why? - That's Jae Hyun's car.
- Really? - Hurry.
(Episode 15)
Soo Jin, are you okay?
What...
What happened?
You must've been shocked.
Did you get hurt?
Pil.
I remember...
what just happened.
Last time I saved you,
but this time you saved me.
- Soo Jin. - Yes?
How do you remember that?
I don't know. I just remember everything.
The same situation happened again.
I fell from the rooftop...
trying to escape from Jae Hyun.
You grabbed me last time.
How did I come back here?
What's going on, Pil?
I believe...
we rode the manhole together this time.
What?
Ride the manhole?
Why on earth...
did you meet Pil?
Were you...
trying to report me?
No way.
You'd never do that.
(Jin Sook)
Hi, Jin Sook.
Jae Hyun?
Where's Soo Jin?
I think she went out for a walk.
I see.
Okay. Please tell her...
to call me when she gets back.
Okay.
Jin Sook.
What? What's wrong? Why the long face?
Soo Jin came by.
She looked really upset.
I called her,
but Jae Hyun answered.
Really? Is something wrong?
I'm not sure.
Do you think she had a fight with Jae Hyun?
I'm worried.
Lovers' quarrels never lasts long, you know.
They'll make up soon.
Right?
I'm sure it's nothing.
By the way,
I saw Pil by the manhole.
Again? Why?
Is he trying to dig it up again?
He's having a tough time getting over Soo Jin.
It's hard for him to see her married to someone.
He wants to travel back in time.
That's ridiculous.
He must be crazy.
He's insane.
I know.
I think Pil will make a huge trouble soon.
When will he grow up?
Drink this.
Thanks.
Pil.
So you're saying...
that we traveled time through the manhole?
Yes.
Normally, I traveled time alone,
but for some reason,
we rode the manhole together this time.
Even though I experienced it, it's hard to believe.
How can this happen?
I know how confused you are...
right now.
I was confused like you at first.
Anyway...
Jae Hyun was the hit-and-run driver.
It's shocking.
How can he stay by your side...
when he's the one who hit you?
You were right, Pil.
About what?
The assailant for the random attacks...
was Jae Hyun.
How did you find out?
I found...
the mask, cap, and clothes I saw on the news...
in Jae Hyun's car trunk.
I knew then...
that he was the assailant.
That's why I called you.
I figured I needed your help.
What should we do now?
Should we report Jae Hyun to the police?
No.
I want to wrap my head around it first.
I'm just too overwhelmed.
I can't make any decisions right now.
Okay.
Let's think about what we're going to do.
I'll take that. Be careful.
(Yangyang 65km, Gangneung 12km)
Uncle!
- Uncle! - Who is it?
Who the heck is it?
What? Pil?
- It's me, Uncle. - Hey.
Why are you here this late?
- What? - Hi.
Wait. I know you.
You're Pil's friend...
Hello. You remember.
Of course, I do.
Pil used to follow you around...
all the time.
You don't have to bring that up.
That was a long time ago.
By the way, why are you here so late?
- Well... - I see.
I guess you guys are finally going out.
Are you on a night trip to see the beach?
No, it's not like that.
We were in the area for some other business.
Uncle. Can you let us sleep over?
What? Sleep over?
Of course. Come in.
Uncle, do you have a first aid kit?
First aid kit?
Why? Did someone get hurt?
Does it hurt a lot?
Should we go to the hospital?
I think it's more serious than we think.
It's not that serious.
I can do it.
Stay still. I'll do it.
Wait.
Look at this.
It'll leave a scar.
If it hurts too much, let me know.
I'll take you to the hospital, okay?
Hold on.
You got hurt too.
It's pretty bad.
Didn't you know?
Goodness.
Oh, no.
You must've gotten this...
when you rolled over to save me a while ago.
I guess so.
Take care of yourself before you...
take care of me from now on.
It's upsetting to see you...
get hurt because of me.
Gosh, it must hurt a lot.
This much first-aid should be enough.
Let's go to a hospital tomorrow...
if it gets worse.
Okay.
By the way,
shouldn't you call your parents?
Oh, right. I should.
My...
What?
Where's my cellphone?
I think I dropped it somewhere.
Let me use your cellphone.
Okay.
Thanks.
(My Precious)
(Pil)
Hello?
Did you pick up this phone by any chance?
What's wrong?
I don't know.
They listened without saying anything...
and hung up.
Kang Soo Jin.
So are you really going to spend the night with him?
Hey. Who are you?
You can't set a fire here.
What if it spreads to the construction materials?
Who are you?
Goodness.
Here.
Fortunately, my uncle washed these blankets.
He always keeps things clean and neat.
Pil, you need to go get some sleep too.
I'll do the rest.
All right.
- Good night. - Good night.
What? What's going on?
Did the power go off?
- I'll go see... - Wait, don't go.
Pil, don't go. I'm scared.
- Don't go. - But I still need to...
Hold on. Let me go with you then. I'm scared.
- Okay. Let's go together. - Pil.
It's on again.
- You're right. - It went on.
My gosh.
Thank goodness.
Get some rest now.
Well...
Where will you sleep by the way?
I'll sleep somewhere over there.
Okay, goodnight.
- Bye. - Bye.
Goodness.
Are you okay?
Soo Jin.
What?
Should we just...
stay here instead of going back to Seoul?
What are you...
talking about all of a sudden?
Well...
It's just...
that I don't want to be apart from you.
Tell me if you need anything else.
I'll go buy some stuff at the convenience store.
Rest here.
Okay.
Why did you say you didn't want to go back to Seoul?
Wake up, Pil.
[VIU Ver] Episode 15 Manhole "Turn Yourself In"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Soo Jin.
Pil.
When you warned me that Jae Hyun was dangerous,
why didn't I trust you?
If I had listened to you at least once,
things wouldn't have ended up this way.
You didn't have a choice.
He's the guy you chose.
I'm sure you wanted to trust him.
As I traveled through time,
I came to realize that he wasn't a good man.
But...
no matter how the situation turns out,
you just got closer and closer to him.
I didn't know how I could bring this up.
In order to convince you that I'm right,
I knew I had to tell you that I have been...
traveling through time.
But there was no way you would believe that.
That was the most frustrating.
I get it now.
It must've been...
really frustrating and difficult for you.
Pil.
What on earth happened...
as you traveled through time?
A lot of things happened.
You just don't know what they are.
Whenever you were in danger,
I saved you.
Once I was unconscious...
and spoke with you as a spirit.
Come on.
You might not remember,
but you even asked me to marry you.
Did I? Really?
Yes.
But after I got into the manhole again,
everything that happened disappeared,
and you and I grew further apart from each other.
Do you see that temporary building?
That building was on fire,
and you were in it.
I went in to save you...
and almost died.
And what?
Did you save me?
Of course, I did.
Then I went into a coma,
and I had to go around as a spirit.
Why did you do that, you fool?
You shouldn't risk your life to save me.
I'm sure...
you never heard me thank you for that either.
I didn't do that to patronize you.
I was always willing to risk my life for you.
Ever since we were young.
But...
do you know when I was the most frustrated?
I don't think I can say this to your face.
So I'm leaving a message as a video.
I...
like you.
I have never stopped for a day for 28 years.
I might have skipped a few meals,
but I never stopped liking you. Not even a day.
When you couldn't remember anything when I finally...
had the courage to tell you how I feel.
- I... - I like you, Pil.
What?
And the day when you said that you like me,
but turned very cold when I saw you the next day.
That was heartbreaking.
We finally found out that we liked each other,
but everything was gone...
when I went through the manhole again.
That nearly drove me insane.
You probably...
blamed me a lot for that.
I'm fine now.
Now you and I...
share the same memories.
It feels like compensation...
for all the hard times.
Pil.
I'm sorry that I gave you a hard time.
Report on the victims.
He's been moved to the hospital for treatment.
However, he's not doing that well.
Apparently, he hit him for no reason.
The wound is the worst on his face.
Sergeant Choi.
Hyeong Gi is on his way from the headquarters.
What about the victim?
Undergoing treatments at a hospital.
The victim took a very bad beating.
His face is a complete wreck.
Did he see the assailant's face?
It was too dark, so he isn't sure.
But he said he was tall and young.
Why did this guy burn up so much stuff?
The assailant of that random assault...
- is him. - What?
The ornament which was found at the site...
was part of his key chain.
Suspended?
Yes.
Yes, I understand.
Could you prepare some lunch for me?
I have to eat quickly and go.
Honey, Pil has been suspended.
I think he was punished...
for hitting Soo Jin's husband.
Goodness, this is only getting worse.
And I don't see our car outside.
He must've taken it.
Did he suddenly go on a trip...
because he was angry about his suspension?
But still, he should tell us where he's going.
- Goodness. - I don't believe this.
Pil finally ended up causing trouble.
Pil took Soo Jin away last night,
and we haven't heard from her since.
What are you talking about?
Can you explain this so I could understand?
Pil abducted Soo Jin. He abducted her!
Abducted?
Last night, he dragged Soo Jin away...
in front of my son-in-law and took her in his car.
Hasn't he called you two?
What on earth are you talking about?
Give me a moment.
Let me call him.
- Your call cannot be... - He won't pick up.
As soon as I reach him, I will...
How can we wait around for that?
I can't let this go on.
I don't care if they're childhood friends.
I'm going to report him to the police.
Will you please calm down?
I'll find him no matter what it takes..
and bring back Soo Jin safe and sound.
Just please, don't call the police.
Say something! My goodness.
Goo Gil, Jung Ae.
Have either of you seen or spoken...
to Pil or Soo Jin since yesterday?
Or have you seen them?
No.
What is it? What's going on?
Pil abducted Soo Jin.
And he did it in front of Jae Hyun.
Goodness. What are you talking about?
Soo Jin and Jae Hyun were supposed to go to the UK.
But because Pil abducted Soo Jin,
they couldn't go and he doesn't know where she is.
He said he can't reach her either.
Really? What do we do?
Pil must be insane.
That's unbelievable.
Who did you hear this from?
Wait up. I'll call him.
- Unbelievable. - He won't pick up.
He won't pick up.
Give me a moment.
What on earth are they talking about?
Your call cannot be connected.
- Please leave... - He won't pick up.
She was the one whom I loved
- Hello. - Hey.
Are you cleaning up?
Yes, I should get ready to open for business.
Don't you wear your Marine uniform anymore?
Oh, my uniform?
Actually, I recently started dating.
I needed to pull myself together.
Anyway, it's already lunchtime.
You must be hungry.
I think Pil is making a lot of food...
to give to his girlfriend.
You should go over.
Could I have two cups of coffee?
Coffee?
Will you two have it by yourselves?
That sounds great.
- Here you are. - You don't need to pay.
No, it's okay.
You're Pil's friend.
You let me sleep over. Let me pay.
My goodness. It's really okay.
- Wait here. - Okay.
I'll bring it out soon.
Do you want it hot or cold?
Cold, please.
Okay, got it.
Goodness. Pil must...
like you a lot still.
Stop teasing him,
and accept his feelings already.
Uncle, do you have a camera?
If you do, can I borrow it?
Camera? Let's see.
I have an old one.
Wait here.
Thanks.
(Moonlight Cafe Gangneung, purchase approved)
Park Jae Hyun!
Park Jae Hyun! Stop!
- Hey! Park Jae Hyun! - Park Jae Hyun!
Why did they come for me?
Did Pil report me?
(Power off)
All right.
It's hot.
Okay.
Pil, what are you doing?
You should be resting, why did you come out?
Thanks.
What are you making?
Chef Bong....
is cooking just for you.
Look at this fried egg. Isn't it amazing?
It looks easy to do.
But it's actually really hard.
Good job.
Pil, shall we eat at the beach?
Sounds great.
Hey.
Where did you get the camera?
I borrowed it from your uncle.
It's nice out here.
So I want to take some pictures.
I'll be your handsome model today then.
Wait just a minute. I'll pack these.
Okay. Take your time.
Okay.
Where's the lunch box?
Gosh, the weather's amazing.
Pictures will turn out great.
I think so.
Hey, your leg must be hurting still.
What? No, it's fine.
Come on. Get on.
Hey, it's okay.
I'm giving you a piggyback because you hurt your leg.
I have a broad back.
- Come on. - Get up.
It's really okay. Get on.
- Hey. - Let's go.
Gosh, why are you so light?
You shouldn't skip your meals.
Hey, Pil. You're so grown up now.
You couldn't carry me before.
When?
Hey.
I carried you in kindergarten.
That was ages ago.
I got muscular after kindergarten.
All right. Hold on tight or you'll fall.
Okay. One more time.
- Goodness. - 1, 2...
Hey!
Put me down.
Put me down!
You hurt your leg.
It's cold!
Goodness.
I got wet.
It looks pretty good.
Of course. I put my soul into it.
So you have to finish it all.
Okay. Let's see how it tastes.
Hey, it's delicious.
You're a good cook.
You'd make a great husband.
I don't cook often,
but when I do I'm amazing at it.
I've never cooked for anyone before.
You should feel honored.
Okay. Thank you.
Pil.
I better...
get back to Seoul today.
Today?
Yes.
I can't stay here forever.
Can't we stay here longer?
I'd be sad to leave.
Here.
I think this will be the last time...
we spend time together.
What do you mean it'll be the last time?
I thought about it after hearing...
your time travel stories.
I don't think we should be together.
You were always in danger...
and suffering because of me.
No.
I never thought of it that way.
I just want to be with you.
That's all I want.
Pil.
I don't want you to be like that.
I don't want you to be miserable...
because of me.
Soo Jin.
You said it never..
worked out between us when you traveled in time.
That's because...
we aren't meant to be.
Look at us now.
I'm already married,
and we can't be together.
Soo Jin.
You know what Jae Hyun is really like.
He's dangerous. You might get hurt.
Deciding not to see you...
has nothing to do with Jae Hyun.
It's just what I decided.
Pil.
I want you to be happy.
I don't know if you'll time travel again...
or if you'll stay here.
But from now on,
regardless of what happens,
don't choose me.
I don't want...
you to suffer because of me.
I'll get going first.
Take your time.
Jae Hyun.
Soo Jin.
Let's talk.
Please hear me out.
Please.
How did you know I'm here?
The cellphone which you dropped.
I kept it all along.
I read your billing history and came here.
Soo Jin.
I know you're very disappointed in me.
You must've been so surprised and scared...
when you found out what I did.
I...
can't forgive myself.
When I was with Pil last night,
did you...
try to hit us with your car on purpose?
When I saw you with Pil,
I got mad.
I did it without realizing what I was doing.
Do you think that justifies it?
So...
Is that why you...
randomly attack people?
I don't know.
I can't...
control myself when I get mad.
Even though I regret it,
I can't control it. It drives me crazy.
I still can't believe that you did such a thing.
You were a nice person.
But why did you do it?
Never mind.
Whatever excuse you give me,
your deeds cannot...
be overlooked.
Jae Hyun.
Turn yourself in.
Pay for what you've done,
and receive treatment.
Then...
you might get better.
Okay.
I'll turn myself in.
Soo Jin,
will you go with me?
The person I loved
Pil.
Hi, Uncle. Where are you going?
I'm going for grocery shopping.
I saw Soo Jin with someone just now.
- Someone? - Yes.
He's about this tall.
He looks manly and handsome.
Who is he?
Gosh, no.
What?
Park Jae Hyun is the culprit.
Call the detective in charge.
Tell him we've secured...
the video footage of the assailant.
Yes, sir.
We should do something.
Let's wait a little longer.
Excuse me.
We came in because the door was open.
Excuse us.
How may I help you?
Is Ms. Kang Soo Jin here?
She didn't answer her phone,
and she wasn't at home,
so we came here to see her.
Why are you looking for my daughter?
Did something happen to her?
No, it's not that.
Then why are you looking for her?
Well...
We want to ask her some things...
regarding Mr. Park Jae Hyun.
Park Jae Hyun?
- Our son-in-law? - Yes,
I'm sure you're aware of the random attacks...
that have occurred in the neighborhood, right?
- Yes. - Yes.
What does it have to do with him though?
Mr. Park...
is the prime suspect of the case.
- What? - What?
Were you...
with Pil last night?
Yes.
Did you...
share a room with him?
No.
I can't do that.
You're right.
You would never do that.
I thought we were going to Seoul.
Why are you going this way?
Let's drop by somewhere to get some fresh air.
What are you talking about?
You said you'd go turn yourself in.
We couldn't even go on our trip to England.
It'd be upsetting if we returned like this.
We have enough time, so let's take it slow.
Mr. Bong.
Hello, Mr. Choi.
Sorry, I'm a bit busy now.
Are you with Soo Jin?
What?
If you are, come to Seoul with her quickly...
so that she can testify.
Like you said,
Jae Hyun is the culprit.
He turned his phone off...
and is out of reach at the moment.
I think he ran off.
He's on the run in Gangneung...
with Soo Jin now.
- What? - I'm searching for them.
Mr. Bong. What's going on?
Why are you suddenly acting so weird?
Hey, man. Learn how to drive.
I think I lost Park Jae Hyun's vehicle.
I'll search around the premise.
Yes.
You must be hungry.
Give me a bit more time. I'll be done soon.
Jae Hyun.
Let's not do this,
and go back to Seoul.
You should go back and turn yourself in.
It seems like you don't want to be here with me.
What?
It's been forever since we had a time like this.
Let's forget about everything for now,
and enjoy ourselves.
Stay seated.
(Your phone is loading.)
(Pil)
You must be hungry. Have this first.
Sure, thanks.
(Pil)
Hello?
Soo Jin.
I finished cooking your favorite dish, steak.
(Pil)
Have some. I didn't have the right ingredients,
so it might not be great.
Sure, let's eat.
How is it? Is it good?
Yes, it's good.
I had no idea...
there was a place like this by the lake.
Didn't I tell you?
I think I said parents left me a summer house.
I think you did.
The lake we saw...
on our way here was pretty splendid.
What's it called?
Haneul Lake.
Oh, Haneul Lake.
Isn't that a pretty name?
It's prettier at dawn with the morning mist.
It's really amazing.
Okay, I'll make sure I catch that.
Haneul Lake?
Are you glad we came?
Sure.
(Pil)
(49N4138)
Thanks.
- Soo Jin. - Yes?
Should we leave Korea?
What do you mean?
If I turn myself in, I'll have to go to jail.
Then you'll be too lonely by yourself.
Why don't we...
go live by ourselves in a remote place?
Jae Hyun.
All I need is you, Soo Jin.
I don't need anyone else.
Well, I...
What is it? Is there something outside?
(The last episode will be aired tomorrow.)